You must become obsessed with obtaining what you are trying to get, you have to be obsessed with it.
I don’t wanna be one of the masses, that’s why I’m here in the gym.
History never remembers the haters.
Some go big, I went enormous. Some set goals, I set milestones! Some climb hills, I climbed mountains! Some want growth, I command growth. Some said it was over, I said f*ck you!
Question impossible.
Pain is necessary, embrace the pain!
If you don’t have the mental capacity to be that obsessed about what you’re trying to get…then motherf***er you ain’t never gonna have it.
You may have been more with more genetic prowess than me, but you will not out-work me…I’m the king of that.
If you want to be great at what you do, obsession is a necessity.
I don’t need you to agree with me, I have the courage to stand alone.
F*ck average, you are a champion!
Don’t look for an easy way out. Nobody wants to work hard these days. The 20 minute abs, the 10 minute this, the 10 minute that. F*ck that! Come to the gym, work your ass off. Earn it!
You may fight me every step of the way, you may hurt, you may ache, but resistance is futile!
Greatness, in any field, cannot be achieved without obsession.
The most powerful motivational speeches that I’ve ever heard came from people who told me I couldn’t do something. I was bound and determined to show them that I could.
Never accept the limitations of someone else!
No matter how slow you go you are still lapping everybody on the couch.
You have to start, with the belief, that you can do something.
I don’t know how many more reps…I’ma do this till I can’t do it no more!
Everything is impossible, until someone crazy enough comes along and makes it possible.
You have no excuses, so no matter what, your nose bleeds, it’s that time of the month, the kids are crying, you don’t feel like it, your back hurts, you got aches and pains. It’s still your motherf*cking set. Let’s get it done!
I’m trying to call on all the Gods of power. Hercules, Apollo, Atlas, come on mothaf*ckas! I need your ass!
May I have more please? May I have more pain? May I have more torture? Because I know this shit is gonna make me grow!
You will find no pity, no mercy, no compassion here.
Suffer the pain of discipline or suffer the pain of regret.
F*ck average, beast or bitch, it’s your choice!
Decide for yourself what is our limitation.
It’s still yo motha fu*kin set!
Don’t make no difference what it is! I’ma pick the sh*t up! How much it is! I’ma pick the sh*t up! That’s what I do… I pick sh*t up!
For competition, always loop the thumbs around the bar and squeeeeeeeze, squeeze that bar like your trying to snap that motha fu*ka in two!
Unchain your mind. Unchain your mind, from the imprisonment of fear! Unchain your mind! It’s been encaged with doubt! Unchain your mind, loose yourself! Let yourself free, from the binds of average, from the binds of normal.
