Pain is temporary. It may last for a minute, or an hour or a day, or even a year. But eventually, it will subside. And something else takes its place. If I quit, however, it will last forever.
Sometimes it ain’t about being the most talented. Sometimes it ain’t about being the smartest. Sometimes it’s not even about working the hardest. Sometimes it’s about consistency! Consistency!
The most important thing is this: To be able at any moment, to sacrifice what you are, for what you will become!
Everybody has a dream, but not everybody has a grind.
There is nothing wrong with dreaming big dreams, just know that all roads that lead to success have to pass through Hardwork Boulevard at some point.
Winners focus on winning. Losers focus on winners.
Only those who risk going too far, can possibly find out how far one can go.
I’m not the smartest. But you will not out work me! I wake up every morning at 3 o’clock!
Most of you don’t want success as much as you want to sleep!
I’ve got a dream that’s worth more than my sleep.
Success is not for the weak and uncommitted… Sometimes it’s gonna hurt!
Stop the blame game. Stop! Stop looking out the window and look in the mirror!
Avoid being your own enemy.
You can’t cheat the grind, it knows hows much you’ve invested, it won’t give you nothing you haven’t worked for.
The difference between those who succeed and fail: not taking advantage of opportunities.
Things change for the better when we take responsibility for our own thoughts, decisions and actions.
Don’t cry to quit! You already in pain, you already hurt! Get a reward from it!
I started studying. I wasn’t watching the game no more. I wanted to study what was in Michael Jordan. I’m like “What’s in Michael Jordan? Michael Jordan got something in him?
The problem is, you get more excited talking about it than you do when you actually doing it!
Look in the mirror, that’s your competition.
No alarm clock needed, my passion wakes me.
Everybody wants to be a beast, until it’s time to do what real beasts do.
Most of you won’t be successful because when you’re studying and you get tired, you quit!
Because the time you spend on your cell phone, could be used for your success. The time you could be using to be successful, you’re using on the cell! And the cell phone is not bringing you nothing but a bill!
It’s one thing to talk about your destiny. It’s one thing to dream about your destiny. It’s one thing to look at your destiny. But it’s another thing – it is another thing – to make the decisions. To wake up when you know you supposed to wake up!
Sleep? “I don’t sleep.” You thought that was it? It goes deeper than going without sleep because you might miss the opportunity to succeed. No, no, no! It’s about No Days Off! No weekends! No Holidays! No Birthdays!
It’s realizing that a great dream is not as good as a great memory. The dream can be had by anyone. The memory – must be made.
This is what I’m saying, take advantage of opportunity, because if you do, doors are going to open up for you.
When you’re great! You attract great! When you’re average! You attract average.
You ain’t average! But you know what? You’re playing small because it’s easier to be average.
It’s not who you are that holds you back, it’s who you think you’re not.
Fall in love with the process and the results will come.
You are the executive director and screenwriter of your life.
Be stronger than your excuses.
Listen to me, even when you lose, it’s OK to lose, but you can never get comfortable with it. You can never be satisfied with losing. When you lose, it’s got to hurt.
Stop sabotaging yourself!
If it takes a boring Biology class, then I’m taking Biology. If I gotta go through Calculus to make my family get to a level they’ve never been too, then Calculus watch your back! Cause your boy is coming.
If you’re just reading the book she told you to read, you’re getting beat! You read what she told you to read and then you ask her what she reading, cause if you don’t get what she’s reading, she’s gonna always be the teacher, and you’re always gonna be the student!
It’s not about where you come from; it’s about heart! You come to a place where, you know, being smart ain’t enough. You gotta have heart.
I was homeless for two and half years. And the problem with most of you, you’ve never felt any pain before. Y’all spoiled.
Listen to me! No, to sleep when you should be working out. Saying no, to quitting when you still got a hundred more shots to make. Saying no, when your body says stop, but you put in fifty more push ups! You can’t just talk about it! You gotta be about it!
At the end of pain is success.
Stop being average. You’re not even good. You were born to be great.
Success is never on discount! Greatness is never on sale! Greatness is never half off! It’s all or nothing! It’s all day, every day! Greatness is never on discount!
Stop whining, start grinding.
Don’t make a habit out of choosing what feels good over what’s actually good for you.
The only way to get out of mediocrity is to keep shooting for excellence.
Don’t think about what can happen in a month. Don’t think about what can happen in a year. Just focus on the 24 hours in front of you and do what you can to get closer to where you want to be.
If you can look up, you can get up.
Your relationships will either make you or break you and there is no such thing as a neutral relationship. People either inspire you to greatness or pull you down in the gutter, it’s that simple. No one fails alone, and no one succeeds alone.
Done is better than perfect if perfect ain’t done.
I have learned over the years that the higher the level of emotion, the lower the level of reasoning. For example, if your emotions are at the highest level of 10, your ability to reason is at a 0. If it’s a 9 then your reasoning is a 1. I am not suggesting that emotions don’t have their place, but taking actions based purely on emotions is dangerous and could cost you everything.
I do not take constructive criticism from people who have never constructed anything.
Success, meaningful success, begins when we take ownership and actively take responsibility for our part in the shortcomings of our life.
You can’t sleep. Broke people sleep. You got to be willing to sacrifice sleep, if you sleep you may miss the opportunity to be successful.
You can get through this. You are bigger than your pain, don’t give up, don’t give in.
It’s not easy, but it’s simple.
