Discipline equals freedom.
It’s not what you preach, it’s what you tolerate.
The test is not a complex one: when the alarm goes off, do you get up out of bed, or do you lie there in comfort and fall back to sleep? If you have the discipline to get out of bed, you win—you pass the test. If you are mentally weak for that moment and you let that weakness keep you in bed, you fail. Though it seems small, that weakness translates to more significant decisions. But if you exercise discipline, that too translates to more substantial elements of your life.
Implementing Extreme Ownership requires checking your ego and operating with a high degree of humility. Admitting mistakes, taking ownership, and developing a plan to overcome challenges are integral to any successful team.
Don’t expect to be motivated every day to get out there and make things happen. You won’t be. Don’t count on motivation. Count on Discipline.
Don’t let your mind control you. Control your mind.
Stop researching every aspect of it and reading all about it and debating the pros and cons of it … Start doing it.
Don’t fight stress. Embrace it. Turn it on itself. Use it to make yourself sharper and more alert. Use it to make you think and learn and get better and smarter and more effective. Use the stress to make you a better you.
Rome wasn't built in a day, we all know that, everyone hears that.  (But) Rome also didn't fall apart overnight either.  It took hundreds of years for Rome to reach its peak, but it also took time...hundreds of years for Rome to decay and fall apart.  (And) That is representative of life, because you don't achieve worthwhile goals quickly or easily, they take time.  They take struggle.  They take relentless pursuit day in and day out.  That is what it takes. (But) Also things don't usually fall apart quickly either; at least at first.  Its a slow process...a little slip here, a little setback over there, a little wearing down of discipline and will over time.  That's the thing, success and failure are generally slow processes.  Either slowly building things up, or gradually tearing them down.  (And) That's why I say you've got to pay attention.  You have to watch every single second; because those seconds, they turn into minutes, and minutes turn into hours, and hours turn into days, and days turn into years.  (And) So that second, that second that just went by...that counted!  (And) So did that second, and so did that one.  (And) In those precious seconds you're either building or you're decaying.  You're either gaining ground or you're losing ground.  In that second.  In every second.  Every second counts.
Getting better isn't a hack or a trick or a one change that you need to make.  Getting better is a campaign.  It's a daily, it's a weekly, it's an hourly fight.  An incessant fight that doesn't stop; against weakness, and against temptation, and against laziness.  It's a campaign of discipline.  It's a campaign of hard work and dedication.  It's waking up early and going to bed late and grinding out every second in between...every single day.  So you want to get better?  You want to self improve?  Stop looking for a shortcut, and go find your alarm clock.  Find your discipline.  Find your guts, and your passion, and your drive.  Find your will.  And then you will find your freedom.
