We know how to organize our world and yet we don't do it, we know how to organize our health and yet very few people do it.  We know all these things.  The right path to being a happy, healthy person is to do all the shit we already know you're supposed to do.  Take care of your body, take care of your health, take care of your mind and your stress.  Meditate and be kind to people.  We all know that.  You ask anybody and they know how to get by and be the most evolved version of you that you can be.  It's not a magical checklist.
That's my only goal. Surround myself with funny people, and make sure everyone has a good time and works hard.
Work for that feeling that you have accomplished something…Don’t waste your time on this earth without making a mark.
I love a success story, but even more than a success story; I like a dude who f***s his life up and gets his life together again story.
One of the most fascinating lessons I’ve absorbed about life is that the struggle is good.
Be cool to people.  Be nice to as many people as you can.  Smile to as many people as you can, and have them smile back at you.
There’s a direct correlation between positive energy and positive results in the physical form.
Someone else’s success does not equal a failure for you.
The key to happiness doesn’t lay in numbers in a bank account but in the way we make others feel and the way they make us feel.
Reality really is a theatre. There’s no other way to describe it.  It’s all so nonsensical, ridiculous and chaotic.
If you are the greatest, why would you go around talking about it?
I truly believe that in order to truly be great at something you have to give into a certain amount of madness.
Live your life like you’re the hero in your own movie.
The time you spend hating on someone robs you of your own time.  You are literally hating on yourself and you don’t even realize it.
We define ourselves far too often by our past failures.  That’s not you.  You are this person right now.  You’re the person who has learned from those failures.
Kindness is one of the best gifts you can bestow… We know that inherently that feels great.
Greatness and madness are next door neighbors and they often borrow each other’s sugar.
Excellence in anything increases your potential in everything.
By putting yourself in that intense form of stress, it makes regular life more peaceful.
